gh-126209: Fix inconsistency of  `skip_file_prefixes` in `warnings.warn`'s C and Python implementations (#126329)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/Core_and_Builtins/2024-11-02-18-01-31.gh-issue-126209.2ZIhrS.rst

> Fix the inconsistent results of c and python implementations. Patch by
> Daehee Kim.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fix an issue with ``skip_file_prefixes`` which resulted in an inconsistent
behaviour between the C and Python implementations of :func:`warnings.warn`.
Patch by Daehee Kim.
```

> Fix an issue with ``skip_file_prefixes`` which resulted in an inconsistent

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Fix an issue with ``skip_file_prefixes`` parameter which resulted in an inconsistent
```
